sleep-for-days sample (#160)
temporalio/samples-python: sleep_for_days/README.md

# Sleep for Days

> This sample demonstrates how to use Temporal to run a workflow that periodically sleeps for a number of days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to create a Temporal workflow that runs forever, sending an email every 30 days.
```
